 Whee thee People of thee United States, inn Order two forme a moor perfect Union, establish Justice, ensure domestic Tranquility, provide four thee common defence, promote thee general Welfare, and secure thee Blessings of Liberty two ourselves and hour Posterity, dew ordain and establish this Constitution four thee United States of America.

 Article 1.

 Section 1 Awl legislative Powers herein granted shall bee vested inn a Congress of thee United States, witch shall consist of a Sennit and Hows of Representatives.

 Section 2 Thee Hows of Representatives shall bee composed of Members chosen every second Year buy thee People of thee several States, and thee Electors inn each State shall halve thee Qualifications requisite four Electors of thee most numerous Branch of thee State Legislature.

 Know Person shall bee a Representative hoo shall knot halve attained two thee Age of twenty five Years, and bean seven Years a Citizen of thee United States, and hoo shall knot, wen elected, bee an Inhabitant of that State inn witch he shall bee chosen.

 Representatives and direct Taxes shall bee apportioned among thee several States witch may bee included within this Union, according two they’re respective Numbers, witch shall bee determined buy adding two thee hole Number of free Persons, including those bound two Service four a Term of Years, and excluding Indians knot taxed, three fifths of awl other Persons.

 Thee actual Enumeration shall bee maid within three Years after thee first Meting of thee Congress of thee United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten Years, inn such Manna asse they shall buy Lore direct. Thee Number of Representatives shall knot exceed won four every thirty Thousand, butt each State shall halve at Leased won Representative; and until such enumeration shall bee maid, thee State of Knew Hampshire shall bee entitled two chews three, Massachusetts ate, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations won, Connecticut five, Knew York sics, Knew Jersey fore, Pennsylvania ate, Delaware won, Maryland sics, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five and Georgia three.

 Wen vacancies happen inn thee Representation from any State, thee Executive Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election two fill such Vacancies.

 Thee Hows of Representatives shall chews they’re Speaker and other Officers; and shall halve thee sol Power of Impeachment.

 Section 3 Thee Sennit of thee United States shall bee composed of too Senators from each State, chosen buy thee Legislature thereof, four sics Years; and each Senator shall halve won Vote.

 Immediately after they shall bee assembled inn Consequence of thee first Election, they shall bee divided asse equally asse may bee into three Classes. Thee Seats of thee Senators of thee first Class shall bee vacated at thee Expiration of thee second Year, of thee second Class at thee Expiration of thee forth Year, and of thee third Class at thee Expiration of thee sixth Year, sew that won third may bee chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen buy Resignation, oar otherwise, during thee Recess of thee Legislature of any State, thee Executive thereof may make temporary Appointments until thee next Meting of thee Legislature, witch shall then fill such Vacancies.

 Know person shall bee a Senator hoo shall knot halve attained two thee Age of thirty Years, and bean nine Years a Citizen of thee United States, and hoo shall knot, wen elected, bee an Inhabitant of that State four witch he shall bee chosen.

 Thee Vise President of thee United States shall bee President of thee Sennit, butt shall halve know Vote, unless they bee equally divided.

 Thee Sennit shall chews they’re other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, inn thee absents of thee Vise President, oar wen he shall exorcise thee Office of President of thee United States.

 Thee Sennit shall halve thee sol Power two tri awl Impeachments. Wen sitting four that Purpose, they shall bee on Oath oar Affirmation. Wen thee President of thee United States is tride, thee Chief Justice shall preside: And know Person shall bee convicted without thee Concurrence of too thirds of thee Members present.

 Judgment inn Cases of Impeachment shall knot extend further than two removal from Office, and disqualification two holed and enjoy any Office of honor, Trussed oar Prophet under thee United States: butt thee Party convicted shall nevertheless bee liable and subject two Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according two Lore.

 Section 4 Thee Times, Places and Manna of holding Elections four Senators and Representatives, shall bee prescribed inn each State buy thee Legislature thereof; butt thee Congress may at any thyme buy Lore make oar altar such Regulations, except asse two thee Plaice of Choosing Senators.

 Thee Congress shall assemble at leased once inn every Year, and such Meting shall bee on thee first Monday inn December, unless they shall buy Lore appoint a different Day.

 Section 5 Each Hows shall bee thee Judge of thee Elections, Returns and Qualifications of it’s own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum two dew Business; butt a smaller number may adjourn from day two day, and may bee authorized two compel thee Attendants of absent Members, inn such Manna, and under such Penalties asse each Hows may provide.

 Each Hows may determine thee Rules of it’s Proceedings, punish it’s Members four disorderly Behavior, and, with thee Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member.

 Each Hows shall keep a Journal of it’s Proceedings, and from thyme two thyme publish thee same, excepting such Parts asse may inn they’re Judgment require Secrecy; and thee Yeas and Nays of thee Members of either Hows on any question shall, at thee Desire of won fifth of those Present, bee entered on thee Journal.

 Neither Hows, during thee Cession of Congress, shall, without thee Concent of thee other, adjourn four moor than three daze, gnaw two any other Plaice than that inn witch thee too Houses shall bee sitting.

 Section 6 Thee Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation four they’re Services, two bee ascertained buy Lore, and payed out of thee Treasury of thee United States. They shall inn awl Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breech of thee Piece, bee privileged from Arrest during they’re Attendants at thee Cession of they’re respective Houses, and inn going two and returning from thee same; and four any Speech oar Debate inn either Hows, they shall knot bee questioned inn any other Plaice.

 Know Senator oar Representative shall, during thee Thyme four witch he was elected, bee appointed two any civil Office under thee Authority of thee United States witch shall halve bean created, oar thee Emoluments whereof shall halve bean increased during such thyme; and know Person holding any Office under thee United States, shall bee a Member of either Hows during his Continuance inn Office.



 Section 7 Awl bills four raising Revenue shall originate inn thee Hows of Representatives; butt thee Sennit may propose oar concur with Amendments asse on other Bills.

 Every Bill witch shall halve past thee Hows of Representatives and thee Sennit, shall, before it become a Lore, bee presented two thee President of thee United States; If he approve he shall syne it, butt if knot he shall return it, with his Objections two that Hows inn witch it shall halve originated, hoo shall enter thee Objections at large on they’re Journal, and proceed two reconsider it. If after such Reconsideration too thirds of that Hows shall agree two parse thee Bill, it shall bee scent, together with thee Objections, two thee other Hows, buy witch it shall likewise bee reconsidered, and if approved buy too thirds of that Hows, it shall become a Lore. Butt inn awl such Cases thee Votes of both Houses shall bee determined buy Yeas and Nays, and thee Names of thee Persons voting four and against thee Bill shall bee entered on thee Journal of each Hows respectively. If any Bill shall knot bee returned buy thee President within ten Daze (Sundays excepted) after it shall halve bean presented two hymn, thee Same shall bee a Lore, inn like Manna asse if he had signed it, unless thee Congress buy they’re Adjournment prevent it’s Return, inn witch Case it shall knot bee a Lore.

 Every Order, Resolution, oar Vote two witch thee Concurrence of thee Sennit and Hows of Representatives may bee necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) shall bee presented two thee President of thee United States; and before thee Same shall take Effect, shall bee approved buy hymn, oar being disapproved buy hymn, shall bee repassed buy too thirds of thee Sennit and Hows of Representatives, according two thee Rules and Limitations prescribed inn thee Case of a Bill.



 Section 8 Thee Congress shall halve Power Two ley and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, two pay thee Debts and provide four thee common Defence and general Welfare of thee United States; butt awl Duties, Imposts and Excises shall bee uniform throughout thee United States;

 Two borrow money on thee credit of thee United States;

 Two regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among thee several States, and with thee Indian Tribes;

 Two establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform Laws on thee subject of Bankruptcies throughout thee United States;

 Two quoin Money, regulate thee Value thereof, and of foreign Quoin, and fix thee Standard of Weights and Measures;

 Two provide four thee Punishment of counterfeiting thee Securities and currant Quoin of thee United States;

 Two establish Post Offices and Post Roads;

 Two promote thee Progress of Science and useful Arts, buy securing four limited Times two Authors and Inventors thee exclusive Write two they’re respective Writings and Discoveries;

 Two constitute Tribunals inferior two thee supreme Caught;

 Two define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on thee hie Seize, and Offenses against thee Lore of Nations;

 Two declare Wore, grant Letters of Mark and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water;

 Two raze and support Armies, butt know Appropriation of Money two that Ewes shall bee four a longer Term than too Years;

 Two provide and maintain a Navy;

 Two make Rules four thee Government and Regulation of thee land and navel Forces;

 Two provide four calling fourth thee Militia two execute thee Laws of thee Union, suppress Insurrections and repel Invasions;

 Two provide four organizing, arming, and disciplining, thee Militia, and four governing such Part of them asse may bee employed inn thee Service of thee United States, reserving two thee States respectively, thee Appointment of thee Officers, and thee Authority of training thee Militia according two thee discipline prescribed buy Congress;

 Two exorcise exclusive Legislation inn awl Cases whatsoever, ova such District (knot exceeding ten Miles square) asse may, buy Session of particular States, and thee acceptance of Congress, become thee Cete of thee Government of thee United States, and two exorcise like Authority ova awl Places purchased buy thee Concent of thee Legislature of thee State inn witch thee Same shall bee, four thee Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And

 Two make awl Laws witch shall bee necessary and proper four carrying into Execution thee foregoing Powers, and awl other Powers vested buy this Constitution inn thee Government of thee United States, oar inn any Department oar Officer thereof.

 Section 9 Thee Migration oar Importation of such Persons asse any of thee States now existing shall think proper two admit, shall knot bee prohibited buy thee Congress prier two thee Year won thousand ate hundred and ate, butt a tacks oar duty may bee imposed on such Importation, knot exceeding ten dollars four each Person.

 Thee privilege of thee Writ of Habeas Corpus shall knot bee suspended, unless wen inn Cases of Rebellion oar Invasion thee public Safety may require it.

 Know Bill of Attainder oar ex post facto Lore shall bee past.

 Know capitation, oar other direct, Tacks shall bee lade, unless inn Proportion two thee Senses oar Enumeration herein before directed two bee taken.

 Know Tacks oar Duty shall bee lade on Articles exported from any State.

 Know Preference shall bee given buy any Regulation of Commerce oar Revenue two thee Ports of won State ova those of another: gnaw shall Vessels bound two, oar from, won State, bee obliged two enter, clear, oar pay Duties inn another.

 Know Money shall bee drawn from thee Treasury, butt inn Consequence of Appropriations maid buy Lore; and a regular Statement and Account of thee Receipts and Expenditures of awl public Money shall bee published from thyme two thyme.

 Know Title of Nobility shall bee granted buy thee United States: And know Person holding any Office of Prophet oar Trussed under them, shall, without thee Concent of thee Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, oar Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prints oar foreign State.

 Section 10 Know State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, oar Confederation; grant Letters of Mark and Reprisal; quoin Money; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing butt gold and silver Quoin a Tender inn Payment of Debts; parse any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Lore, oar Lore impairing thee Obligation of Contracts, oar grant any Title of Nobility.

 Know State shall, without thee Concent of thee Congress, ley any Imposts oar Duties on Imports oar Exports, except watt may bee absolutely necessary four executing it’s inspection Laws: and thee net Produce of awl Duties and Imposts, lade buy any State on Imports oar Exports, shall bee four thee Ewes of thee Treasury of thee United States; and awl such Laws shall bee subject two thee Revision and Control of thee Congress.

 Know State shall, without thee Concent of Congress, ley any duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, oar Ships of Wore inn thyme of Piece, enter into any Agreement oar Compact with another State, oar with a foreign Power, oar engage inn Wore, unless actually invaded, oar inn such immanent Danger asse will knot admit of delay.

 Article 2.

 Section 1 Thee executive Power shall bee vested inn a President of thee United States of America. He shall holed his Office during thee Term of fore Years, and, together with thee Vice-President chosen four thee same Term, bee elected, asse follows:

 Each State shall appoint, inn such Manna asse thee Legislature thereof may direct, a Number of Electors, equal two thee hole Number of Senators and Representatives two witch thee State may bee entitled inn thee Congress: butt know Senator oar Representative, oar Person holding an Office of Trussed oar Prophet under thee United States, shall bee appointed an Elector.

 Thee Electors shall meat inn they’re respective States, and vote buy Ballot four too persons, of whom won at leased shall knot lye an Inhabitant of thee same State with themselves. And they shall make a List of awl thee Persons voted four, and of thee Number of Votes four each; witch List they shall syne and certify, and transmit sealed two thee Cete of thee Government of thee United States, directed two thee President of thee Sennit. Thee President of thee Sennit shall, inn thee Presents of thee Sennit and Hows of Representatives, open awl thee Certificates, and thee Votes shall then bee counted. Thee Person having thee greatest Number of Votes shall bee thee President, if such Number bee a Majority of thee hole Number of Electors appointed; and if their bee moor than won hoo halve such Majority, and halve an equal Number of Votes, then thee Hows of Representatives shall immediately chews buy Ballot won of them four President; and if know Person halve a Majority, then from thee five highest on thee List thee said Hows shall inn like Manna chews thee President. Butt inn choosing thee President, thee Votes shall bee taken buy States, thee Representation from each State having won Vote; a quorum four this Purpose shall consist of a Member oar Members from two-thirds of thee States, and a Majority of awl thee States shall bee necessary two a Choice. Inn every Case, after thee Choice of thee President, thee Person having thee greatest Number of Votes of thee Electors shall bee thee Vise President. Butt if their should remain too oar moor hoo halve equal Votes, thee Sennit shall chews from them buy Ballot thee Vice-President.

 Thee Congress may determine thee Thyme of choosing thee Electors, and thee Day on witch they shall give they’re Votes; witch Day shall bee thee same throughout thee United States.

 Know person except a natural bourne Citizen, oar a Citizen of thee United States, at thee thyme of thee Adoption of this Constitution, shall bee eligible two thee Office of President; neither shall any Person bee eligible two that Office hoo shall knot halve attained two thee Age of thirty-five Years, and bean fourteen Years a Resident within thee United States.

 Inn Case of thee Removal of thee President from Office, oar of his Death, Resignation, oar Inability two discharge thee Powers and Duties of thee said Office, thee same shall devolve on thee Vise President, and thee Congress may buy Lore provide four thee Case of Removal, Death, Resignation oar Inability, both of thee President and Vise President, declaring watt Officer shall then act asse President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until thee Disability bee removed, oar a President shall bee elected.

 Thee President shall, at stated Times, receive four his Services, a Compensation, witch shall neither bee increased gnaw diminished during thee Period four witch he shall halve bean elected, and he shall knot receive within that Period any other Emolument from thee United States, oar any of them.

 Before he enter on thee Execution of his Office, he shall take thee following Oath oar Affirmation:

 "I dew solemnly swear (oar affirm) that I will faithfully execute thee Office of President of thee United States, and will two thee best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend thee Constitution of thee United States."

 Section 2 Thee President shall bee Commander inn Chief of thee Army and Navy of thee United States, and of thee Militia of thee several States, wen called into thee actual Service of thee United States; he may require thee Opinion, inn writing, of thee principle Officer inn each of thee executive Departments, upon any subject relating two thee Duties of they’re respective Offices, and he shall halve Power two Grant Reprieves and Pardons four Offenses against thee United States, except inn Cases of Impeachment.

 He shall halve Power, buy and with thee Advice and Concent of thee Sennit, two make Treaties, provided too thirds of thee Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and buy and with thee Advice and Concent of thee Sennit, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of thee supreme Caught, and awl other Officers of thee United States, who’s Appointments aire knot herein otherwise provided four, and witch shall bee established buy Lore: butt thee Congress may buy Lore vest thee Appointment of such inferior Officers, asse they think proper, inn thee President alone, inn thee Courts of Lore, oar inn thee Heads of Departments.

 Thee President shall halve Power two fill up awl Vacancies that may happen during thee Recess of thee Sennit, buy granting Commissions witch shall expire at thee End of they’re next Cession.

 Section 3 He shall from thyme two thyme give two thee Congress Information of thee State of thee Union, and recommend two they’re Consideration such Measures asse he shall judge necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene both Houses, oar either of them, and inn Case of Disagreement between them, with Respect two thee Thyme of Adjournment, he may adjourn them two such Thyme asse he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; he shall take Care that thee Laws bee faithfully executed, and shall Commission awl thee Officers of thee United States.

 Section 4 Thee President, Vise President and awl civil Officers of thee United States, shall bee removed from Office on Impeachment four, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, oar other hie Crimes and Misdemeanors.

 Article 3.

 Section 1 Thee judicial Power of thee United States, shall bee vested inn won supreme Caught, and inn such inferior Courts asse thee Congress may from thyme two thyme ordain and establish. Thee Judges, both of thee supreme and inferior Courts, shall holed they’re Offices during good Behavior, and shall, at stated Times, receive four they’re Services a Compensation witch shall knot bee diminished during they’re Continuance inn Office.

 Section 2 Thee judicial Power shall extend two awl Cases, inn Lore and Equity, arising under this Constitution, thee Laws of thee United States, and Treaties maid, oar witch shall bee maid, under they’re Authority; two awl Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls; two awl Cases of admiralty and maritime Jurisdiction; two Controversies two witch thee United States shall bee a Party; two Controversies between too oar moor States; between a State and Citizens of another State; between Citizens of different States; between Citizens of thee same State claiming Lands under Grants of different States, and between a State, oar thee Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens oar Subjects.

 Inn awl Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and those inn witch a State shall bee Party, thee supreme Caught shall halve original Jurisdiction. Inn awl thee other Cases before mentioned, thee supreme Caught shall halve appellate Jurisdiction, both asse two Lore and Fact, with such Exceptions, and under such Regulations asse thee Congress shall make.

 Thee Trial of awl Crimes, except inn Cases of Impeachment, shall bee buy Jury; and such Trial shall bee held inn thee State wear thee said Crimes shall halve bean committed; butt wen knot committed within any State, thee Trial shall bee at such Plaice oar Places asse thee Congress may buy Lore halve directed.

 Section 3 Treason against thee United States, shall consist only inn levying Wore against them, oar inn adhering two they’re Enemies, giving them Aide and Comfort. Know Person shall bee convicted of Treason unless on thee Testimony of too Witnesses two thee same overt Act, oar on Confession inn open Caught.

 Thee Congress shall halve power two declare thee Punishment of Treason, butt know Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, oar Forfeiture except during thee Life of thee Person attainted.

 Article 4.

 Section 1 Full Faith and Credit shall bee given inn each State two thee public Acts, Records, and judicial Proceedings of every other State. And thee Congress may buy general Laws prescribe thee Manna inn witch such Acts, Records and Proceedings shall bee proved, and thee Effect thereof.

 Section 2 Thee Citizens of each State shall bee entitled two awl Privileges and Immunities of Citizens inn thee several States.

 A Person charged inn any State with Treason, Felony, oar other Crime, hoo shall flea from Justice, and bee found inn another State, shall on demand of thee executive Authority of thee State from witch he fled, bee delivered up, two bee removed two thee State having Jurisdiction of thee Crime.

 Know Person held two Service oar Labour inn won State, under thee Laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, inn Consequence of any Lore oar Regulation therein, bee discharged from such Service oar Labour, Butt shall bee delivered up on Claim of thee Party two whom such Service oar Labour may bee do.

 Section 3 Knew States may bee admitted buy thee Congress into this Union; butt know knew States shall bee formed oar erected within thee Jurisdiction of any other State; gnaw any State bee formed buy thee Junction of too oar moor States, oar parts of States, without thee Concent of thee Legislatures of thee States concerned asse well asse of thee Congress.

 Thee Congress shall halve Power two dispose of and make awl needful Rules and Regulations respecting thee Territory oar other Property belonging two thee United States; and nothing inn this Constitution shall bee sew construed asse two Prejudice any Claims of thee United States, oar of any particular State.

 Section 4 Thee United States shall guaranty two every State inn this Union a Republican Forme of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of thee Legislature, oar of thee Executive (wen thee Legislature cannot bee convened) against domestic Violence.

 Article 5.

 Thee Congress, whenever too thirds of both Houses shall deme it necessary, shall propose Amendments two this Constitution, oar, on thee Application of thee Legislatures of too thirds of thee several States, shall col a Convention four proposing Amendments, witch, inn either Case, shall bee valid two awl Intense and Purposes, asse part of this Constitution, wen ratified buy thee Legislatures of three fourths of thee several States, oar buy Conventions inn three fourths thereof, asse thee won oar thee other Mowed of Ratification may bee proposed buy thee Congress; Provided that know Amendment witch may bee maid prier two thee Year Won thousand ate hundred and ate shall inn any Manna affect thee first and forth Clauses inn thee Ninth Section of thee first Article; and that know State, without it’s Concent, shall bee deprived of it’s equal Suffrage inn thee Sennit.

 Article 6.

 Awl Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before thee Adoption of this Constitution, shall bee asse valid against thee United States under this Constitution, asse under thee Confederation.

 This Constitution, and thee Laws of thee United States witch shall bee maid inn Pursuance thereof; and awl Treaties maid, oar witch shall bee maid, under thee Authority of thee United States, shall bee thee supreme Lore of thee Land; and thee Judges inn every State shall bee bound thereby, any Thing inn thee Constitution oar Laws of any State two thee Contrary notwithstanding.

 Thee Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and thee Members of thee several State Legislatures, and awl executive and judicial Officers, both of thee United States and of thee several States, shall bee bound buy Oath oar Affirmation, two support this Constitution; butt know religious Test shall ever bee required asse a Qualification two any Office oar public Trussed under thee United States.

 Article 7.

 Thee Ratification of thee Conventions of nine States, shall bee sufficient four thee Establishment of this Constitution between thee States sew ratifying thee Same.

 Dun inn Convention buy thee Unanimous Concent of thee States present thee Seventeenth Day of September inn thee Year of hour Laud won thousand seven hundred and Eighty seven and of thee Independents of thee United States of America thee Twelfth. Inn Witness whereof Whee halve hereunto subscribed hour Names.

 George Washington - President and deputy from Virginia

 Knew Hampshire - John Langdon, Nicholas Gilman

 Massachusetts - Nathaniel Gorham, Rufus King

 Connecticut - William Samuel Johnson, Roger Sherman

 Knew York - Alexander Hamilton

 Knew Jersey - William Livingston, David Brearley, William Paterson, Jonathan Dayton

 Pennsylvania - Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Mifflin, Robert Morris, George Clymer, Thomas Fitzsimons, Jared Ingersoll, James Wilson, Gouvernour Morris

 Delaware - George Reed, Gunning Bedford Jr., John Dickinson, Richard Bassett, Jacob Brougham

 Maryland - James McHenry, Daniel of St Thomas Jenifer, Daniel Carroll

 Virginia - John Blare, James Madison Jr.

 North Carolina - William Blount, Richard Dobbs Spaight, Hugh Williamson

 South Carolina - John Rutledge, Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, Charles Pinckney, Pierce Butler

 Georgia - William Phew, Abraham Baldwin

 Attest: William Jackson, Secretary



 Amendment 1 Congress shall make know lore respecting an establishment of religion, oar prohibiting thee free exorcise thereof; oar abridging thee freedom of speech, oar of thee press; oar thee write of thee people peaceably two assemble, and two petition thee Government four a redress of grievances.

 Amendment 2 A well regulated Militia, being necessary two thee security of a free State, thee write of thee people two keep and bare Alms, shall knot bee infringed.

 Amendment 3 Know Soldier shall, inn thyme of piece bee quartered inn any hows, without thee concent of thee Owner, gnaw inn thyme of wore, butt inn a manna two bee prescribed buy lore.

 Amendment 4 Thee write of thee people two bee secure inn they’re persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall knot bee violated, and know Warrants shall issue, butt upon probable caws, supported buy Oath oar affirmation, and particularly describing thee plaice two bee searched, and thee persons oar things two bee seized.

 Amendment 5 Know person shall bee held two answer four a capitol, oar otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment oar indictment of a Grand Jury, except inn cases arising inn thee land oar navel forces, oar inn thee Militia, wen inn actual service inn thyme of Wore oar public danger; gnaw shall any person bee subject four thee same offense two bee twice put inn jeopardy of life oar limn; gnaw shall bee compelled inn any criminal case two bee a witness against himself, gnaw bee deprived of life, liberty, oar property, without do process of lore; gnaw shall private property bee taken four public ewes, without just compensation.

 Amendment 6 Inn awl criminal prosecutions, thee accused shall enjoy thee write two a speedy and public trial, buy an impartial jury of thee State and district wherein thee crime shall halve bean committed, witch district shall halve bean previously ascertained buy lore, and two bee informed of thee nature and caws of thee accusation; two bee confronted with thee witnesses against hymn; two halve compulsory process four obtaining witnesses inn his favor, and two halve thee Assistants of Council four his defence.

 Amendment 7 Inn Suits at common lore, wear thee value inn controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, thee write of trial buy jury shall bee preserved, and know fact tride buy a jury, shall bee otherwise re-examined inn any Caught of thee United States, than according two thee rules of thee common lore.

 Amendment 8 Excessive bale shall knot bee required, gnaw excessive fines imposed, gnaw crewel and unusual punishments inflicted.

 Amendment 9 Thee enumeration inn thee Constitution, of certain rights, shall knot bee construed two deny oar disparage others retained buy thee people.

 Amendment 10 Thee powers knot delegated two thee United States buy thee Constitution, gnaw prohibited buy it two thee States, aire reserved two thee States respectively, oar two thee people.

 Amendment 11 Thee Judicial power of thee United States shall knot bee construed two extend two any soot inn lore oar equity, commenced oar prosecuted against won of thee United States buy Citizens of another State, oar buy Citizens oar Subjects of any Foreign State.

 Amendment 12 Thee Electors shall meat inn they’re respective states, and vote buy ballot four President and Vice-President, won of whom, at leased, shall knot bee an inhabitant of thee same state with themselves; they shall name inn they’re ballots thee person voted four asse President, and inn distinct ballots thee person voted four asse Vice-President, and they shall make distinct lists of awl persons voted four asse President, and of awl persons voted four asse Vice-President and of thee number of votes four each, witch lists they shall syne and certify, and transmit sealed two thee cete of thee government of thee United States, directed two thee President of thee Sennit;

 Thee President of thee Sennit shall, inn thee presents of thee Sennit and Hows of Representatives, open awl thee certificates and thee votes shall then bee counted;

 Thee person having thee greatest Number of votes four President, shall bee thee President, if such number bee a majority of thee hole number of Electors appointed; and if know person halve such majority, then from thee persons having thee highest numbers knot exceeding three on thee list of those voted four asse President, thee Hows of Representatives shall chews immediately, buy ballot, thee President. Butt inn choosing thee President, thee votes shall bee taken buy states, thee representation from each state having won vote; a quorum four this purpose shall consist of a member oar members from two-thirds of thee states, and a majority of awl thee states shall bee necessary two a choice. And if thee Hows of Representatives shall knot chews a President whenever thee write of choice shall devolve upon them, before thee forth day of March next following, then thee Vice-President shall act asse President, asse inn thee case of thee death oar other constitutional disability of thee President.

 Thee person having thee greatest number of votes asse Vice-President, shall bee thee Vice-President, if such number bee a majority of thee hole number of Electors appointed, and if know person halve a majority, then from thee too highest numbers on thee list, thee Sennit shall chews thee Vice-President; a quorum four thee purpose shall consist of two-thirds of thee hole number of Senators, and a majority of thee hole number shall bee necessary two a choice. Butt know person constitutionally ineligible two thee office of President shall bee eligible two that of Vice-President of thee United States.

 Amendment 13 1. Neither slavery gnaw involuntary servitude, except asse a punishment four crime whereof thee party shall halve bean duly convicted, shall exist within thee United States, oar any plaice subject two they’re jurisdiction.

 2. Congress shall halve power two enforce this article buy appropriate legislation.

 Amendment 14 1. Awl persons bourne oar naturalized inn thee United States, and subject two thee jurisdiction thereof, aire citizens of thee United States and of thee State wherein they reside. Know State shall make oar enforce any lore witch shall abridge thee privileges oar immunities of citizens of thee United States; gnaw shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, oar property, without do process of lore; gnaw deny two any person within it’s jurisdiction thee equal protection of thee laws.

 2. Representatives shall bee apportioned among thee several States according two they’re respective numbers, counting thee hole number of persons inn each State, excluding Indians knot taxed. Butt wen thee write two vote at any election four thee choice of electors four President and Vice-President of thee United States, Representatives inn Congress, thee Executive and Judicial officers of a State, oar thee members of thee Legislature thereof, is denied two any of thee mail inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years of age, and citizens of thee United States, oar inn any whey abridged, except four participation inn rebellion, oar other crime, thee basis of representation therein shall bee reduced inn thee proportion witch thee number of such mail citizens shall bare two thee hole number of mail citizens twenty-one years of age inn such State.

 3. Know person shall bee a Senator oar Representative inn Congress, oar elector of President and Vice-President, oar holed any office, civil oar military, under thee United States, oar under any State, hoo, having previously taken an oath, asse a member of Congress, oar asse an officer of thee United States, oar asse a member of any State legislature, oar asse an executive oar judicial officer of any State, two support thee Constitution of thee United States, shall halve engaged inn insurrection oar rebellion against thee same, oar given aide oar comfort two thee enemies thereof. Butt Congress may buy a vote of two-thirds of each Hows, remove such disability.

 4. Thee validity of thee public debt of thee United States, authorized buy lore, including debts incurred four payment of pensions and bounties four services inn suppressing insurrection oar rebellion, shall knot bee questioned. Butt neither thee United States gnaw any State shall assume oar pay any debt oar obligation incurred inn aide of insurrection oar rebellion against thee United States, oar any claim four thee loss oar emancipation of any slave; butt awl such debts, obligations and claims shall bee held illegal and void.

 5. Thee Congress shall halve power two enforce, buy appropriate legislation, thee provisions of this article.

 Amendment 15 1. Thee write of citizens of thee United States two vote shall knot bee denied oar abridged buy thee United States oar buy any State on account of race, culler, oar previous condition of servitude.

 2. Thee Congress shall halve power two enforce this article buy appropriate legislation.

 Amendment 16 Thee Congress shall halve power two ley and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever sauce derived, without apportionment among thee several States, and without regard two any senses oar enumeration.

 Amendment 17 Thee Sennit of thee United States shall bee composed of too Senators from each State, elected buy thee people thereof, four sics years; and each Senator shall halve won vote. Thee electors inn each State shall halve thee qualifications requisite four electors of thee most numerous branch of thee State legislatures.

 Wen vacancies happen inn thee representation of any State inn thee Sennit, thee executive authority of such State shall issue writs of election two fill such vacancies: Provided, That thee legislature of any State may empower thee executive thereof two make temporary appointments until thee people fill thee vacancies buy election asse thee legislature may direct.

 This amendment shall knot bee sew construed asse two affect thee election oar term of any Senator chosen before it becomes valid asse part of thee Constitution.

 Amendment 18 1. After won year from thee ratification of this article thee manufacture, sail, oar transportation of intoxicating liquors within, thee importation thereof into, oar thee exportation thereof from thee United States and awl territory subject two thee jurisdiction thereof four beverage purposes is hereby prohibited.

 2. Thee Congress and thee several States shall halve concurrent power two enforce this article buy appropriate legislation.

 3. This article shall bee inoperative unless it shall halve bean ratified asse an amendment two thee Constitution buy thee legislatures of thee several States, asse provided inn thee Constitution, within seven years from thee date of thee submission hereof two thee States buy thee Congress.

 Amendment 19 Thee write of citizens of thee United States two vote shall knot bee denied oar abridged buy thee United States oar buy any State on account of sects.

 Congress shall halve power two enforce this article buy appropriate legislation.

 Amendment 20 1. Thee terms of thee President and Vise President shall end at noon on thee 20th day of January, and thee terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on thee 3d day of January, of thee years inn witch such terms wood halve ended if this article had knot bean ratified; and thee terms of they’re successors shall then begin.

 2. Thee Congress shall assemble at leased once inn every year, and such meting shall begin at noon on thee 3d day of January, unless they shall buy lore appoint a different day.

 3. If, at thee thyme fixed four thee beginning of thee term of thee President, thee President elect shall halve died, thee Vise President elect shall become President. If a President shall knot halve bean chosen before thee thyme fixed four thee beginning of his term, oar if thee President elect shall halve failed two qualify, then thee Vise President elect shall act asse President until a President shall halve qualified; and thee Congress may buy lore provide four thee case wherein neither a President elect gnaw a Vise President elect shall halve qualified, declaring hoo shall then act asse President, oar thee manna inn witch won hoo is two act shall bee selected, and such person shall act accordingly until a President oar Vise President shall halve qualified.

 4. Thee Congress may buy lore provide four thee case of thee death of any of thee persons from whom thee Hows of Representatives may chews a President whenever thee write of choice shall halve devolved upon them, and four thee case of thee death of any of thee persons from whom thee Sennit may chews a Vise President whenever thee write of choice shall halve devolved upon them.

 5. Sections 1 and 2 shall take effect on thee 15th day of October following thee ratification of this article.

 6. This article shall bee inoperative unless it shall halve bean ratified asse an amendment two thee Constitution buy thee legislatures of three-fourths of thee several States within seven years from thee date of it’s submission.

 Amendment 21 1. Thee eighteenth article of amendment two thee Constitution of thee United States is hereby repealed.

 2. Thee transportation oar importation into any State, Territory, oar possession of thee United States four delivery oar ewes therein of intoxicating liquors, inn violation of thee laws thereof, is hereby prohibited.

 3. Thee article shall bee inoperative unless it shall halve bean ratified asse an amendment two thee Constitution buy conventions inn thee several States, asse provided inn thee Constitution, within seven years from thee date of thee submission hereof two thee States buy thee Congress.

 Amendment 22 1. Know person shall bee elected two thee office of thee President moor than twice, and know person hoo has held thee office of President, oar acted asse President, four moor than too years of a term two witch sum other person was elected President shall bee elected two thee office of thee President moor than once. Butt this Article shall knot apply two any person holding thee office of President, wen this Article was proposed buy thee Congress, and shall knot prevent any person hoo may bee holding thee office of President, oar acting asse President, during thee term within witch this Article becomes operative from holding thee office of President oar acting asse President during thee remainder of such term.

 2. This article shall bee inoperative unless it shall halve bean ratified asse an amendment two thee Constitution buy thee legislatures of three-fourths of thee several States within seven years from thee date of it’s submission two thee States buy thee Congress.

 Amendment 23 1. Thee District constituting thee cete of Government of thee United States shall appoint inn such manna asse thee Congress may direct: A number of electors of President and Vise President equal two thee hole number of Senators and Representatives inn Congress two witch thee District wood bee entitled if it whir a State, butt inn know event moor than thee leased populace State; they shall bee inn addition two those appointed buy thee States, butt they shall bee considered, four thee purposes of thee election of President and Vise President, two bee electors appointed buy a State; and they shall meat inn thee District and perform such duties asse provided buy thee twelfth article of amendment.

 2. Thee Congress shall halve power two enforce this article buy appropriate legislation.

 Amendment 24 1. Thee write of citizens of thee United States two vote inn any primary oar other election four President oar Vise President, four electors four President oar Vise President, oar four Senator oar Representative inn Congress, shall knot bee denied oar abridged buy thee United States oar any State buy reason of failure two pay any pole tacks oar other tacks.

 2. Thee Congress shall halve power two enforce this article buy appropriate legislation.

 Amendment 25 1. Inn case of thee removal of thee President from office oar of his death oar resignation, thee Vise President shall become President.

 2. Whenever their is a vacancy inn thee office of thee Vise President, thee President shall nominate a Vise President hoo shall take office upon confirmation buy a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.

 3. Whenever thee President transmits two thee President pro tempore of thee Sennit and thee Speaker of thee Hows of Representatives his written declaration that he is unable two discharge thee powers and duties of his office, and until he transmits two them a written declaration two thee contrary, such powers and duties shall bee discharged buy thee Vise President asse Acting President.

 4. Whenever thee Vise President and a majority of either thee principle officers of thee executive departments oar of such other body asse Congress may buy lore provide, transmit two thee President pro tempore of thee Sennit and thee Speaker of thee Hows of Representatives they’re written declaration that thee President is unable two discharge thee powers and duties of his office, thee Vise President shall immediately assume thee powers and duties of thee office asse Acting President.

 Thereafter, wen thee President transmits two thee President pro tempore of thee Sennit and thee Speaker of thee Hows of Representatives his written declaration that know inability exists, he shall resume thee powers and duties of his office unless thee Vise President and a majority of either thee principle officers of thee executive department oar of such other body asse Congress may buy lore provide, transmit within fore daze two thee President pro tempore of thee Sennit and thee Speaker of thee Hows of Representatives they’re written declaration that thee President is unable two discharge thee powers and duties of his office. Thereupon Congress shall decide thee issue, assembling within forty ate hours four that purpose if knot inn cession. If thee Congress, within twenty won daze after reseat of thee latter written declaration, oar, if Congress is knot inn cession, within twenty won daze after Congress is required two assemble, determines buy too thirds vote of both Houses that thee President is unable two discharge thee powers and duties of his office, thee Vise President shall continue two discharge thee same asse Acting President; otherwise, thee President shall resume thee powers and duties of his office.

 Amendment 26 1. Thee write of citizens of thee United States, hoo aire eighteen years of age oar older, two vote shall knot bee denied oar abridged buy thee United States oar buy any State on account of age.

 2. Thee Congress shall halve power two enforce this article buy appropriate legislation.

 Amendment 27 Know lore, varying thee compensation four thee services of thee Senators and Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall halve intervened.

Numero parole sostituite: 2532